---
title: Weekly blog
layout: post
author: harry.steel
permalink: /week-39/
source-id: 1Eh6NKG68xDYKq2OE0Q57_HjtVdkumB6VBuG-Ltpfk5o
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 39</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>14/6/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Stage 7</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Finish stage 10</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week, I was racing against one of my friends to finish as quickly as possible. This led me to getting through much more of the program than I otherwise would have. I think that this way of learning is very effective as it promotes speed, accuracy, and independence.

</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was limited by the aforementioned competition. It meant that I was more focused on speed than actually learning the code. It meant that I got really good at typing the code out quickly, but as a result the information was not sticking in my brain.

I also encountered issues with the site itself as the connection kept dropping out and in again. This led to some frustration as I could not work as quickly as I would have liked.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to be less distracted by the people around me and instead focus on my own work and learning said work better. I will also try to work faster and more efficiently and if I forget a bit of code, then I will go back and redo the section that that code is from.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


