---
title: Weekly blog
layout: post
author: harry.steel
permalink: /week-43/
source-id: 1Eh6NKG68xDYKq2OE0Q57_HjtVdkumB6VBuG-Ltpfk5o
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 43</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/7/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Stage 8</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Finish stage 9</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I encountered many issues this week, however, by using logic and the hints that Codecademy gives you, I managed to get through.

I had to use the the solutions after trying many times twice, but I was always close to the correct solution, but made it more complicated than it needed to be. 

</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was limited by my understanding of some components of the code. I found out this week that I did not know how to iterate through lists. I found it very difficult to learn anything, as the learning curve for this particular set of exercises was very steep, and I was also under pressure to get through the work quickly as it is the end of term, leading to the information not sticking in my brain.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to be less distracted by the people around me and instead focus on my own work. I will also try to work faster and more efficiently and if I need help, I will go back to previous stages where the code is explained before returning to the incomplete work. If that fails, I will use the solution and work out where I was going wrong.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


